So what if I humiliate you?
Even if I scold you, how can I court death?
Liu Shuang, you are so angry, you dare to hit me
Dare to indulge again
Don't say hit you, what if I kill you?
Dad, did you see that?
It was his first move
Don't say I'm killing each other
I have to kill him today
Security guard
You villain
I quickly knelt down and apologized to your brother
Apologize is impossible
But I can give you a well-deserved sentence
Stop talking about your dad
I must kill him today
What is the order of the eldest young master?
He dares to hit me
Take him to me and cripple him
Boy, how dare you hit our second young master?
Security brother, don't get me wrong
It was his heart that hit me
What's wrong with you? What are you?
And such an upscale hotel
Who let you in?
Get out of here
Otherwise, I will catch you together.
You're so blind.
Pardon me?
I said it's really blind to your dog's eyes
I don't even know the owner anymore